docs(plugins): document regexp for splitChunks.chunks (#6888)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/split-chunks-plugin.mdx

};
```

> If you are using webpack version 5.8.6 or later, you can also pass a regular expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using webpack version 5.86.0 or later, you can also pass a regular expression:
```
